So I have pretty much nailed the summarize_instances thing.

And I've investigated options for s3 mounting.

And I've noted how to make a suitable VM image (see written notes).

Now we need to:

1) Recreate the last training image on EC2, with a 40GB (or 80?? - let's say 60) drive and large files on S3.
1a) Check that a move to Ubuntu is OK
2a) Test everything on Ubuntu

2) Work out how to get the thin clients to connect by piecing stuff together
2a) Conversion of tigervnc to a squashfs package for the thin clients(?)
2b) Hosting of the summary script wherever ( DONE - https://auth.genomics.ed.ac.uk/cgi-bin/si )
2c) Scripting of startup on the thin clients (maybe move from training to ?where?)

3) Prepare instructions for Mac/Linux clients and test
3a) Test multiple clients in the training room
3b) Establish cost

4) Prepare instructions for snapshotting and policy on what to keep

This needs to include putting the large files on S3 and linking them
Other than that, simply snapshot master VM and we're good. My suggestion is
that an egadmin account is added on the VM with no-pass sudo access and all our
personal keys are added to this. Connection to the training account will
be via ssh+sudo or else via tigervnc.

Done! Wrote script and instrux for S3.

5) Make tigervnc run on startup.

Should be easy, right? https://fedoramagazine.org/systemd-getting-a-grip-on-units/
https://askubuntu.com/questions/676007/how-do-i-make-my-systemd-service-run-via-specific-user-and-start-on-boot

Yes, the latter link gave me everything. Note that by use of the -autokill switch, along with Restart=on-failure,
logging out from XFCE causes the VNC session to terminate but systemd immediately restarts it so you can log
in to a fresh desktop. Ideal. Everything is in the Ansible playbook.

6) Profit!

7) Work out the simplest way to launch multiple instances. See multi_launch.txt.

May need to rethink my ideas about tags? Hmmm.

When I try to launch a new instance it default to having no public IP. Is this right?
What is the setting for my original instance? How do I check? I can't see it. Arghh.

Let's try launching an instance without this selected and see what happens.

Well of course it comes up without a pubic IP. Can I add one?
Apparently not (!?). https://serverfault.com/questions/706560/assign-public-ip-not-elastic-ip-after-instance-launched
I think Amazon has reasons to conserve its IP address pool and thus artificially blocks this.
I guess IPV6 is the long-term answer. Maybe we can ask the next sysadmin to look into enabling this?
https://www.jisc.ac.uk/ipv6

In the meantime, the instance I need is t3.medium - this seems pretty clear. Slightly
cheaper than t2. And I think I need to have 'unlimited' mode on, even though it can lead to
extra charges I don't want to be throttled.

But what is EBS optimized and does it help me?? Probably not - leave it off for now.
Oh, it seems I'm forced to have it on. OK? I'll leave it on.

